docs(storage-resize-image): update the description for Sharp options param (#1905)
firebase/extensions: storage-resize-images/README.md

* Convert image to preferred types: The image types you'd like your source image to convert to.  The default for this option will be to keep the original file type as the destination file type.

> * Output options for selected formats: Provide a optional output option stringified object containing Sharp Output Options for selected image types conversion. eg. {"jpeg": { "quality": 5, "chromaSubsampling": "4:4:4" }, "png": { "pallete": true }} and {"png":{"compressionLevel":9}}". The "compressionLevel": 9 is specifying the level of compression for PNG images. Higher numbers here indicate greater compression, leading to smaller file sizes at the cost of potentially increased processing time and possible loss of image quality. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Output options for selected formats: Provide an optional output option stringified object containing Sharp Output Options for selected image types conversion. eg. `{"jpeg": { "quality": 5, "chromaSubsampling": "4:4:4" }, "png": { "palette": true }}` and `{"png":{"compressionLevel":9}}`. The `"compressionLevel": 9` specifies the level of compression for PNG images. Higher numbers here indicate greater compression, leading to smaller file sizes at the cost of potentially increased processing time and possible loss of image quality. 
```
